The economy of intention really moves the world today. We live in an era of disputed, monetized, re-disputed attention. But if you look closer, you'll see that the real currency of value has already changed. It doesn't matter what you look at, but where you look and how you direct your attention matters. What does that mean? Attention is superficial. You can look at something and not absorb anything. Intention is what transforms, develops. In the economy of attention, you consume. In the economy of intention, you destroy, develop. What you watch, read, share, doesn't matter. But what you do with it matters a lot more. The economy of intention is starting to change. Companies don't want to attract your attention. They want to achieve a commitment. Time spent on a platform isn't worth as much as the decision to travel, buy, and recommend. Relationships, likes, and quick messages don't build bonds. What counts is the intention behind the real presence. Genuine development. Self-development. It's not enough to consume knowledge. What you really do with what you learn is the economy of intention. Another thing is productivity. To do a lot is no longer the main metric. To do what matters is. Now, how can you use the economy of intention in your favor? To define focus. If everything attracts your attention, what really deserves your intention? Be careful with the illusion of information. Transforming consumption into action. What you read, watched, or heard today can become a real decision. Get out of the ego. Algorithms want to imprison you. The conscious intention frees you. Attention can be stolen. Intention, no. Now tell me, where are you putting your intention today? Think about it, because it's the one that moves the world and moves your life. I suggest that you think about what I think every day as soon as I wake up. What is my intention on this day? In every project, in every second, I try to put my intention. Even if it's to learn, to know, to discover. But it's already an intention. Think about it and share it. Because there are a lot of people deciding to get out of attention with intention.